[ 1 ]

----> What is software? What is software engineering?

<< SOFTWARE >>

-> Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.
-> Software is combination of instruction , information and data.

<< SOFTWARE ENGINEERING >>

-> Software engineering is defined as a process of analyzing user requirements and then designing, building, and testing software application which will satisfy those requirements.


[ 2 ]

----> Explain types of software:

-> Five types of software.

    1. system software
    2. application software
    3. programming software
    4. driver software
    5. middleware software


[ 3 ]

----> What is SDLC ? Explain each phaser of SDLE.

-> SDLC known as a software development life cycle.
-> Software Development Lifes cycle refers to a methodology with clearly defined processes for creating high-quality software.
-> there are six phase of SDLC:

    1. Planning
    2. Analysis
    3. Design
    4. Implementation
    5. Testing
    6. Maintenance

        
          1 - Planning:       planning phase is all about what and which type of software client want. as a soft. developer we will gather the requirements of clients
                              like which type of software they want, who is going to use the system, what types of data should be input into the system, what type of 
                              data should be output by system, what will be the design etc. "AND YEAH DON'T FORGET TO DISSCUS ABOUT MONEY":)   

          2 - Analysis:       After requirment gathering these requirements are analyzed for their validity and the system to be development is also studied, inshort 
                              we'll make a BLUE PRINT of a Software.
    
          3 - Design:         Software design is prepared from the requirements specifications which were discuss in the planning phase. design should be user friendly.
                              System design helps in specifying hardware and system requirements and also helps in defining overall system architecture. The system
                              design specification server as input for the next phase of the model.

          4 - Implementation: On receiving system design documents, the work is divided in modules/units and actual coding is started. since, in this phase the code is 
                              produced so it is the main focus for the developer. this is the longest phase of the software development life cycle.

          5 - Testing:        After the code is developed it is tested  against the requirements to make sure that the product is actually solving the needs addressd and
                              gathere during the requirements phase. During this phase all types of functional testing like unit testing, integration testing, system testing,
                              acceptence testing are done as well as nonfunctional testing are also done.

         6 - Maintenance:     Once when the customers starts using the developed system then the actual problems comes up and needs to be solved from time to time. 
                              This process where the care is taken for the developed product is known as maintenance.
